---
tags:
  - sem6
  - research
  - mathematics
---

# [[Research Methodology 3]] Lecture 3

1. Mathematical Modelling of Game Economies - Building in-game market models using statistics, and optimisation to simulate and balance Live-Service MMO ecosystems with virtual currencies - V-Bucks in Fortnite
2. Using Markov Decision making processes to model the user's state with respect to a changing game meta based on weapon balance changes in Destiny 2
	1. Markov models are a sequential decision making framework when outcomes are partly random and partly under the control of a decision maker (the player). This aligns well with player interactions in a changing game environment.
3. Looking at City-Building games in particular, and how Network theory could then be used to model city growth, interaction of various city elements with each other. Analysing the network and running various simulations on either the same or similar variations of a city in-game to model out expected behaviour
	1. Lots of moving parts - Not Clear 
	2. Ask a particular Question - Broad Question so far 
4. Taking a look at Website load times and bounce-off rates, to accurately predict when a user would bounce-off of the web page using various test-cases (Basically experimental)
5. Understanding the disparity between game optimisation and the increasing demands for more powerful and power hungry Graphic Processing Units.  


   
   How to design a measure of enjoyability in game design - Depending on the kind of game - In a Community Building game options to interact may matter - Solely strategy games will have a different set of criteria for enjoyability - Modelling a Measure of something intangible 
	   Pilot Study - Simulating Table top games
	   Find a specific Question within all the topics mentioned above

Find Sub-Questions - Narrow down on One Idea - By Next Class

How can we accurately create a metric of enjoyability for tabletop games based on decision-making, payoffs, challenge produced, etc. 
	Try to avoid the portion that asks about empirical questions based on gameplay and look at the game itself
How can I weigh these variables against each other since they don't equally contribute to the enjoyment?
How can I validate my findings with an actual set of players?
How do these findings apply from game-to-game due to changing rule sets, do I need to only consider a particular game or can my findings translate across to other kinds of games
	Will this hold true for stochastic and deterministic games at the same time?


