---
tags:
  - sem6
  - computer-science
  - machine-learning
  - python
---
# [[Machine Learning]] Intro Class:

## Assessments:
1. CA1 - OTBA w/ basic definitions and interpretations
2. CA2 - Class Project  
3. CA3 - Class Quiz (Based on Regression and other Statistics)
4. CA4 - In-Class Presentation

# [[RDBMS]] Intro Class:

## Kinds of Database Architectures:
**1 - Tier Architecture**: Local Hosted
**2 - Tier Architecture**: Server-Client Design
**3 - Tier Architecture**: Intermediary APIs and Servers between the server and client
## About Databases: 
### Codd's Rule of DBMS:
1. **Information Rule:** must be stored in the form of a Row and Column Table.
2. **Guaranteed Access Rule:** all data may be accessed logically from a DB.
3. **Systematic Treatment of Null Values:** Null values have various meanings in DBs, no value/inappropriate info/unknown data but the primary key should never be NULL.
4. **Active/Dynamic Online Catalogue based on the RM:** logical structure of the descriptive database must be stored online and is called a DB Dict. Authorises users to access the DB and implement a similar QL to access database.
		Also called Metadata.
5. **Comprehensive Data Sub Language Rule:** The language to access the DB must be explicit, linear or have well-defined syntax. A DB cannot exists without it's language.
6. **View Updating Rule:** All views table can be theoretically updated and must be done so regularly.
7. **Relational Level Operation:** CRUD operations + Union, Intersection and Minus operations in the DB.
8. **Physical Data Independence:** No data should be dependant on any other application or dataset.
9. **Logical Data Independence:** No logical change in the DB should affect the table's view for the user.
10. **Integrity:** SQL should keep the tables Independent. No Front-End apps should affect the DB.
11. **Distribution:** Compatibility must be maintained across systems and should remain consistent.
12. **Non-Subversion Rule:** Defines RDBMS as a SQL lang. to store and manipulate the data in the DB and only SQL.