---
tags: sem5, core, oop, java, history 
---
# [[Understanding India]] Lecture 3
Missed out Portion

## Colonial Psychology
### Edward Said (1935-2003):
The Binary Dynamic of the East and the West
European colonial domination of the Orient

#### Orient and the Occident:
The East and the West
Also, the self (The West) and the other (The East) of the Geo-Political World

The other from the point of the self, the other is everything that the self is not.
In all cases, the orient is the opposite of the west.

Not just the orient being looked at from the self, but the colonial east also starts believing the narrative of being the other

The occident claims to have all knowledge of the East ( I know you better than yourself ) and then tries to define it:
	The east is being defined on the terms of the west/The image is being imposed on the east on the terms of the west.

##### Orientalism manifests itself in 3 ways:
1. As a way of thinking
2. As an academic discipline: Knowledge producing bodies, works are written with the same biases of the other and the self
3. As a Corporate Institution: Scholars become Institutions

### What other People Said:
**Hegel** said that India did not have a history because of the process of thesis, anti-thesis and synthesis

**Marx** called Asiatic societies hydraulic societies, due to the very nature of their establishment around water bodies

**Napoleon's** campaign in Egypt was intercepted by the Brits. When he came to Egypt, he brought **scholars** amongst his army. 
Discovery of the Rosetta Stone (Reveals the Society of Egypt, Study called Egyptology)
Brits took over the Suez Canal later down the line, controlling seafare.

"We possess more knowledge about Egypt than Egypt itself, since we study them" ~ Brits

**James Mill** wrote "History of India", made by referring to several other studies and documents about India, rather than experiencing first-hand.

Marked hegemony onto a time period:
- Ancient: Hindu
- Medieval: Muslim
- Modern: British

Post 1858, Mughal Empire fell over, The British Empire tried to prove that their rule was beneficial for India. The Brits took over and thus began the demonization of India History. 

*Oriental Despotism* is the idea that the seeds of Democratic Republic were not there in Indian Polity. Instead, Only the Autocratic/Absolutist/Despotic rulers existed before the influence of the west

*Imperialism* created through academics

Colonialism and its forms of Knowledge - Bernard S. Cohn:
	The variety of cultures in India are seen as chaotic, order must be brought in.
	How colonialism establishes this perspective?
	Count your population every 10 years, categories to create uniformity
	Recording history - everything should be kept tabs on

### Ashis Nandy:

*The intimate enemy*
Wrote about the Psychology of Colonialism


# [[Object Oriented Programming]] Lecture 3
## Classes 
Classes act as variables that consist of several user defined properties including other variable attributes and methods
The classes can be accessed by creating objects of it.

```java
class class_name{
	var1;
	var2;
	var3;

	void func(varx, vary){
	}
	void func2(vara,varb){
	}
};
```

```java
public class project_name{
	public static void main(String[] args)
	{
		varx;
		class_name obj_name = new class_name();
		obj_name.func(x, y);
	}
}
```

We can initialise default values for all properties.
**OR**
We have constructors to initialise the values for the properties.

### What is so different about Object-Oriented Programming:
#### Classes and Object
#### Encapsulation
#### Abstraction
#### Polymorphism
#### Function Overloading
#### Inheritance
### Constructors
They are methods that initialise an object.
Constructors do not have a return type, instead they simply are engaged when an object is created.

```java
class ShoppingList{
    String Customer_Name=null;
    int quant=0;
    float price=0;

    ShoppingList(String name, int q, float p){
        Customer_Name=name;
        quant=q;
        price=p;
        printBill();
    }
    
public class Cart{
	public static void main(String[] args){
		ShoppingList cust1 = new ShoppingList("Sheuli", 5, 3540.00f);
	}
}
```
