---
tags: sem5, core, research, java, OOP,computer-science
---
# [[Object Oriented Programming]] Lecture 4:

Initialize classes as **null** when *trying to initiate logic* where the *class objects might not be initialized yet* (Only a problem when dealing with separate objects not DS).

```java
class house_list{
	...
	...
	...
	house_list(...){
		...
	}
}

public class houses{
	public static void main(){
		house_list NewHouse = null;   //Null Initialisation
		NewHouse = new houselist(...);//Initialisation through Constructor
	}
}
```

## Method Overloading
This is an application of **Polymorphism** in OOP

```java
class Calculator{
    double area=0;

	//Single Parameter
    double CalcArea(double rad){
        area=3.14*rad*rad;
        return area;
    }
	
	//Two Parameters
    double CalcArea(double length, double breadth){
        area=length*breadth;
        return area;
    }

	//Three Parameters
    double CalcArea(double side1, double side2, double side3){
        double SemiPeri = (side1+side2+side3)/2;
        area=Math.sqrt(SemiPeri*(SemiPeri-side1)*(SemiPeri-side2)*(SemiPeri-side3));
        return area;
    }
}
```

### Constructor Overloading
One particular instance of Method Overloading
Two methods of initializing an object and a class's parameters.

```java
class house_list{
	...
	...
	...
	
	//Without Parameters
	house_list(){
		...
	}
	
	// With Parameters
	house_list(...){ 
		...
	}
}

public class houses{
	public static void main(){ 
		house_list OldHouse = new houselist();    //Uses Base Constructor
		house_list NewHouse = new houselist(...); //Overloads Constructor
	}
}
```


# [[Research Methodology 2]] Example through Humour Studies:

**Recap:

Focuses attention on a single instance of some social phenomenon such as a village a family or a juvenile gang

**Ragin and Becker** (1992) point out, there is little consensus on what may constitute a "case", and the term is used broadly

The case being studied might be an abstract notion such as time period instead of population groups

It can range from a simple narrative description to a very rigorous study achieving experimental isolation.

**Limitation of attention to a particular instance of something is the essential characteristic of the case study.

## Single vs Multiple Cases:
### Comparative Case Study as a specific format of considering multiple cases
Vavrus and Bartlett (2006, 2009)

It inquires into how history, sociocultural settings and national and international political structures influence policy appropriation, using three methodological axes: the horizontal, the vertical and the transversal axis.

#### Horizontal Axis:
Denotes multi-sited comparisons of Policy Implementation

Asses how differently and similarly each case within distinctive localities contextualizes and appropriates them

#### Vertical Axis:
Situating the cases within their cultural and social network, the vertical axis analyses how policy discourse within and between global and national institutions shape the social norms and practices of individual units of analysis.

#### Transversal Axis:
Contextualizes horizontal and vertical components in a temporal setting.

Traces how data from different places and different policy levels intersect with, and are influenced by, historical contingencies. 

### How to pick a method:
Robert K. Yin recommends:
1. Type of research question
2. the extent of control an investigator has over actual behavioural events
3. the degree of focus on contemporary as opposed to historical events

## HW: Read all Musalman comics


