---
tags: research, sem5, core
---

# [[Research Methodology 2]] Lecture 2
### What are our sources of information?

Authority Figures: Societal Heads, Organisational Hierarchies, Parental Figures, Cultural/Traditional
Peers
Personal Observations: Sensory and Otherwise, Media
Common sensical ideas

### Issues with Traditional Sources of Information

Biases introduced by personal experiences, not backed up with proof often
Subjectivity
Time-Bound
Verifiability

### What is research?

Combination of theories and ideas with facts systematically
Organising and planning through the means of appropriate techniques to answer questions
Consideration of ethical and moral methods
Upon completion the research is shared further

### Why do we do research?
Add to Pre-Existing Knowledge or to Create Solutions not both always

### Categorisation of Data:

Data Itself can be categorised into:

- **Qualitative**
- **Quantitative**

It's analysis too can be categorised into the same boxes. 

- Qualitative - Qualitative: Interpretation of Text, as Text; hermeneutics; grounded theory

- Qualitative - Quantitative: Turning words into numbers; classical content analysis; Cultural domain analysis 

- Quantitative - Qualitative:  Search for Meaning in results of quantitative processing; Grammarly Textual Analysis, Turnitin's AI detection 

- Quantitative - Quantitative: Statistical Analysis: 

Problem with the Likert Scale:
	Ambiguity with the Central Tendency, the Median Opinion is usually vague


### Dimensions of research

#### How will you study research?

#### What is the primary purpose of study?

- Exploratory: Looking at pre-existing ideas and knowledge in systems where it hasn't been applied yet. 
	  Example: Viagra for blood-flow to penis pump
- Descriptive:  Describing the way things are lots of ethnographies that are descriptive of cultures
- Explanatory:  Studying why something the way it is

#### How will you incorporate time into the study?
#### Participants and Observers:
- Reactivity
- Reflexivity
#### Which specific data collection technique and study design will you use?