---
tags: sem5, branding, Meeting
---
# [[Meetings and Agendas]] Meeting (29/07)

### Suggestions

- Consent Tick mark press release for crowdsourced footage and photographs
- Streamline the repository of content for all student initiatives in SSLA
- Updating the Website with newer photographs and videos
* Faculty media training Pre-Events

### To-Do
- Equipment Requisition list
	- Camera + Lens + Capture Card
- Send Previous Year's Content to the team to sift through and find appropriate media

### Changes
- Teesta Co-Head w/ Jai in Live Coverage 
- Website Cell absolving into Branding (Jai co-head w/ Abhinav)

_Meeting on Wednesday (02/07/23) @ 11:45 with Nisha Mahajan and Other Website Members regarding the same_  

### SSLA Film:
- Programme Structure alongside Visuals
- Reshoot On-Campus Content during Peak Traffic hours (Post-Electives Post-Break)
_Meeting on Monday (31/07/23) @ 12:30 regarding the same scheduled over Google Calendar_
	