---
tags: sem5, core, history, computer-science, java, python
---

# [[Understanding India]] Lecture 2:

##### Arguments of Nation-State or State-Nation

+ Nation-State or State-Nation:
	A state can purely exist without having a population within it, while a Nation NEEDS to operate upon the identity of its people.

+ What is a Nation-State:
	Sovereign state, of which most of the citizens or subjects are united also by factors which define a nation such as a language or common descent
	Nation and State Coincide - “A state with a single predominant national identity”
	Nation-State: A combination of State sovereignty and National Sovereignty 

The identification of a nation’s citizens and the existence of the “others” that don’t. 

Belfer declaration created Israel as a homeland for the Jews by British proposed during WW1. Culminated into state.

+ What nations became a state first, then nation?
	Various colonies such as India, America and Africa
+ Other way round:
	India, France, USA, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Israel

##### First Argument:
+ When an entity is a nation first, then described to become a state, the enablers of this process are philosophers and thinkers
+ When it's the other way round, the enablers of this process are politicians, lawmakers and statesmen

A nation is more of an imagined entity. Rousing of the sentiment of a nation, further bring upon the people and their interests.
Example: To study the French Revolution we refer to Rousseau and others ( Philosophers )

**Print Capitalism** enabled the publication of documents and print media faster and more widely available supported by it's commodification, allowed ideas to go forth and spread quicker and intensely. As seen during French Revolution.

Hitler's Nazi German was inspired by the ideas of Nietzsche and his _ubermensch_. Thus Nation-State.

###### Barington Moore Jr.
Talks about certain states, looks at Indian History and states:
	In the pre-colonial India, there were no signs of a democratic state formation
	Democratic India is a colonial hand-me down
	British Introduced Law-making, democracy, legislature and Indian nationals formed the nation.
	Legislative assembly took notes of the bicameral legislation and was further only bound by the constitution (due to a large cultural diversity)



# [[Object Oriented Programming]] Lecture 2:

#### Objects:
Classes are the templates of objects. Here, objects are initiated.
- Classes consists of it's properties and methods
- Objects allow for a better relational inference

#### Naming Conventions:
CamelCase (different for Java and JS)
First letter of classes is uppercase and for methods it's lowercase
Case sensitive
// for comments /* for mutli-line comments
We have:
- Escape Sequences
- Format Specifiers
- Operators

#### Data Types:
Primitive Types:
- Int: short, long, byte
- Float: double
- Char: String (inbuilt class) { Individual chars are also used as strings }
- Boolean
Variables and Constants:
- declaration
- initialization

##### Strings:
Immutable
Contain Substrings
Concatenation, Copy, Comparison is possible
Over 50 String related methods
Empty and Null Strings also exist

```java
int length(string)
String replace(oldString, newString)
String substring(beginIndex, endIndex)
String toLowercase()
String toUppercase()
```

#### Input Output

Input:
```java
Scanner in - new Scanner(System.in);
String name=in.nextLine();
Int age=in.nextInt();
```
Output:
```java
System.out.println("message");
```

Look into __Java with Ant__

Create a project:
	Project Name is the name given to the class 
	Main function should also be called the same as the Class name for convenience

Print Statements:

```java
System.out.print\ln() //Using + 
System.out.printf() //Using Format Specifiers
```

Data Entry:
1. Import a library called `java.util.Scanner` in order to enable data Entry
2. Create an instance of the Scanner class using an object (referred to as _sc_ often)
3. Initialise _sc_ object using a `new Scanner(System.in)` 
4. Assign to any string `sc.next()`

```java
sc.next() //String
sc.nextInt() //Integer
sc.nextFloat() //Float
sc.nextBoolean() //Bool
```