---
tags:
  - sem6
  - research
  - mathematics
---

Description and Operationalising for Different Genres of Games 
Categories specific operationalise things that contribute to enjoyability:

Something Like:
1. Role of Chance in a game: Purely Deterministic vs Stochastic vs Mixed Decision Making (Game is enjoyable in a specific section of the spectrum)
2. Economy within games
3. 
4. Given a game: These are the inputs -> Put out a measure of enjoyability

Build the writing about the review system subjectivity
	Reviews, ratings, and rankings play a significant role in influencing consumer decisions and are commonly associated with several forms of entertainment and media. While individual products can be associated with a review, they tend to lack a form of objectivity. When applied to media such as games, this concept can end up misleading the end-user due to various biases associated with user-generated reviews.
	
**Additional Text:**

The existing review systems that are in place for tabletop games, range from product reviews on e-commerce platforms that are riddled with inconclusive texts or just star-based ratings which don't provide much in terms of details that can truly indicate how enjoyable is the game. There also exist publications and several content-creators on platforms such as YouTube and, although, they might be familiar with the ins and outs of games, the opinion that they carry can also differ drastically from source to source. Online forums too provide an open space for discussion about these games, but can be seen suffering from the same problem as mentioned above. The largest issue with looking at enjoyability based on the aforementioned sources is the subjective decision making process that leaves room for possibilities that might have proven more or less enjoyable to the player and therefore, the information gathered from such sources can be seen incomplete. 

This problem can be tackled by identifying factors that don't suffer from play to play variation and therefore can be standardised for all playthroughs. This significantly reduces the biases that can be introduced while looking at game enjoyability. 

[" ... the only reason anyone brings up subjectivity at all, is to delegitimise criticism and/or the person voicing it"](https://boardgamegeek.com/blogpost/85475/game-criticism-no-place-subjectivity)



Flesh out the argument - Write about Generalisation - Exercise of trying to get to Key Variables w/o removing Subjective Experience - Write about elements that can't be captured and what can
Explain the questionnaires in depth - Remove/Add relevant questions - Reliability of the questions change as the questions are altered

Questionnaires are one part of the methodologies - Plan for actual mathematical analysis 
